The governing body and analyzing the needs of the world field
deserves that there is a need for more missionaries.
The process for identifying new field missionaries has changed.
Gilliet is no longer the pool from which field missionaries are drawn.
Graduates of the School for Kingdom Evangelizers
are now the ones from whom we draw field missionaries.
They'll serve as temporary special pioneers
and on a yearly basis, the Branch Committee will evaluate their activity.
And then those who have the potential are recommended to the service committee
as potential field missionaries.
On April 2015, a new arrangement went into effect
affecting the field missionary work.
Before, missionaries were assigned
if for an indefinite period of time or perhaps a lifetime in missionary service.
The governing body approved an adjustment
whereby newly appointed field missionaries receive a three-year assignment.
Towards the end of that assignment,
if they wish to continue on,
the service committee will consider the request
and perhaps continue them on in their missionary assignment.
The Branch sent us a letter and an application to be candidates for missionary service.
We didn't go to Gilliet.
When I received a three-year assignment,
it made me feel very reassured.
We knew that in three years,
we'd really know what it was like in order to see
if we wanted to make this our life's career.
When I came into the truth,
it was with the help of two missionary sisters.
In the early days,
it was primarily through missionaries
that the work got expanded.
What we have seen now is that
the missionaries can have a real powerful effect
to strengthen the organization in areas
where perhaps we have enormous growth.
Many, many people coming in the truth.
Now we need these mature ones
to be in the congregations to strengthen the field.
But at the same time,
to also spearhead the preaching work,
helping these new ones to become
established preachers of the good news.
The missionaries come here with a very positive attitude.
They're willing to work hard
and just give the best both in the congregation and in the field.
But what I love about missionary services
being able to spend most of my time with the friends.
We can serve our brothers and sisters
and our Bible students without other distractions.
Many of the deaf here
they feel isolated and rejected by society.
Serving as a missionary has enabled me
to help many deaf to get on
and stay on the road to life.
Many local psychosis have been trained
in some way by missionaries.
But they're good example and hard work.
They definitely raised the standard
in the entire branch territory.
Because of the beautiful example
of the missionaries,
now young ones view full-time service
as the best way of life.
The loving training given by the missionaries
has had a tremendous effect
on the kingdom work in Myanmar.
They patiently trained the local brothers
to take on more responsibility
in Jehovah's organization.
In the governing body,
we have three brothers who served
in the missionary field for this Jackson,
for the Loach, for the Splain.
So we can see that these brothers
have grown through the missionary service
and now serve very effectively
on the governing body.
The governing body deeply loves the missionaries.
We take our responsibility
to preach the good news very, very seriously.
And we know that it can only be done
if we have capable, qualified people
who are jealous, who love Jehovah,
and who are able to really love the brothers
and love the people in the field
so that they can help them to grow spiritually
and help them to follow in their footsteps
the good example that they're sending.
All this contributes to the fulfillment
of the prophecy about the preaching
of the good news to all the inhabited earth
and missionaries have played a big role in that
in the fulfillment of this prophecy.